---
title: "Lady In The White Dress"
author: SRWeaver
tags: abstractmonster
layout: post
---
I had read in a newspaper, and specific sighting of a strange woman. Wanting to catch a glimpse myself, one could not resist the read. The accounts were as follows:

Account Of Guardsman 4 - 20 - 14

The group was sitting in the train, waiting for the conductor to slow down his breaks so we could hop out of the train car. I was not sure how long we have been riding, perhaps long enough to amount to a certain sum of days. But I was not sure how many. The commander had lined us in attention, and there was no pretension of disobedience. Or we would simply be shot on the spot. “We as a group need to be prepared, she is dangerous.” “Permission to speak, sir.” One of the special guardsman said, making sure sure to be loud enough to hear. But not so loud as if to get our commander to say, “I can’t hear you.” He turned around, after flicking her cigarette into the gravel of the entrance to the track that led outside. He increased the size of the eyeball that was in the direction of the one who requested. “Permission to speak.” “Is she armed?” the guardsman said that requested said, and then quickly shut himself up. “Worse, she is the weapon.” When we clang to the wall, we had idea that what were about to face would try to kill us all. I still don’t remember the whole event, only the lit of that glimpse of one of my best beds faces eyes bulging at me. “You must kill her, kill her now.” I swear under oath.

Account Of Tourist 4 - 25 - 14

I had first seen the apparition as was driving down the road with my care lights on. I was playing the music from my radio as loud as I could to drown out the deafening silence that filled my eyes. I tried to mouth lyrics, but none of them were correct. As I was driving my car, I saw that long black hair. It then became obvious that it was a girl. She long flowing black hair, and then an odd mask on. It looked similar to that of a deer skull. Her face was covered by black hair that came over this mask, and then all I could remember was that glare. That almost certainly was no human glare. Seeing as she was clearly not going to walk off of the road, I tried to drive my vehicle around the girl. She must have taken this as some sort of threat, as she hopped onto the lid of the car. And then suddenly my vision began to fade. Gradually at first, but suddenly I was surrounded by the light. I tried to mouth speech, but no words would come. And I gradually drifted into sleep. I do not remember any particular dreams. When I woke up, she was gone. At first I thought I must have hallucination. As there was no particular trace of the girl to be seen. I swear under oath.

Account Of Shop Owner 5 - 1 - 14

All I remember was the face. She looked very determined, so much so that I could not help but avoid my glance. Yet somehow it seemed like she had no particular interest in me. She was slightly short, had long black hair, and was wearing a long flowing white dress. She had something on her back, that resembled something similar to wings. They glowed translucently. I decided to go back to doing my work, assuming that I would not see her anymore, as she must have been a mere hallucination from the long hours I had worked that week. And then in a week, she was in the mini-mart – how had I not seen her come in? “How may I help you ma’me?” I tried to ask politely. But there was nothing by that deafening silence. And then at once I felt that extreme humidity you would only experienced if she had taken some vacation in a swamp land. The room smelled slightly of fish. Though the city where I live is not particularly near port town. I remember that she must have wanted something. But I could not figure out what. I swear under oath.

All these are similar accounts that have taken place within close proximity to each other. A matter of days to my own. Something must be going on. Yet when I asked the local law enforcement if they had seen a particular girl in a white dress, at first they threatened to arrest me to investigating privately. So of course I said to them that I was trying to figure out an explanation for my own ghostly encounter. They said to forget the whole thing. But fate would not let me forget it, for as soon as I arrived back at my home I could feel the wind breath past me. And I could smell the smell of humidity. After opening the door, I quickly slammed it. And then outside the window ... ... I felt something staring at me from outside of the window. But I was not exactly sure what. It was a moment later that the feeling began to fade. I stared out the window.
